README.md, before:

vor 0.0.0
=========

License
-------

> Copyright (c) 2011 Tai Chi Minh Ralph Eastwood <tcmreastwood@gmail.com>
>
> Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
> of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
> in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
> to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
> copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
> furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
>
> The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
> all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
>
> THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
> IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
> FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
> AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
> LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
> OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
> THE SOFTWARE.

Introduction
------------

This is a context mixing compressor written in C (C89 is currently used).

Building
--------

You need to use [CMake][1], and some decent compiler (tested with GCC 4.2+).

  [1]: http://www.cmake.org/

Contact
-------

Please contact me at tcmreastwood@gmail.com

Acknowledgement
---------------

The arithmetic coder is based off [Shelwein's arithmetic coder][2]. 

  [2]: http://encode.ru/threads/1153-Simple-binary-rangecoder-demo?highlight=arithmetic+coder

Commit message:

Note about license in README.

README.md, after:

vor 0.0.0
=========

License
-------

The license for this project is typically the MIT/Expat license. However,
certain files are also released in public domain and are plainly marked in the
file as such.

> Copyright (c) 2011 Tai Chi Minh Ralph Eastwood <tcmreastwood@gmail.com>
>
> Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
> of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
> in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
> to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
> copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
> furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
>
> The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
> all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
>
> THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
> IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
> FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
> AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
> LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
> OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
> THE SOFTWARE.

Introduction
------------

This is a context mixing compressor written in C (C89 is currently used).

Building
--------

You need to use [CMake][1], and some decent compiler (tested with GCC 4.2+).

  [1]: http://www.cmake.org/

Contact
-------

Please contact me at tcmreastwood@gmail.com

Acknowledgement
---------------

The arithmetic coder is based off [Shelwein's arithmetic coder][2]. 

  [2]: http://encode.ru/threads/1153-Simple-binary-rangecoder-demo?highlight=arithmetic+coder
